[WIP] added documentation for catalyst cli w makeswift (#54)
makeswift/docs: developer/integrations/bigcommerce-catalyst.mdx

## Steps

<Steps>
  <Step title="Follow the instructions on Catalyst's Doc Site">
  <Tabs>
  <Tab title="CLI">
  Run the Catalyst CLI to pull down the latest version of the Catalyst `main` branch of the Catalyst monorepo. The CLI is built to do the following:
{/* CLI does these things (bullet points) */}
  1. Fork and clone the Catalyst monorepo.
  2. Add a remote pointing to the upstream Catalyst repository.
  3. Enable Corepack so that you can use pnpm as your package manager.
  4. Install Catalyst Dependencies.
  5. Set up environment variables.

```
npm create @bigcommerce/catalyst@latest
```

Once you run the CLI, you effectively have a Catalyst Next.js application created. The remaining steps will walk you through integrating your Catalyst application with Makeswift.

  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Monorepo">
    The [Catalyst Monorepo documentation](https://www.catalyst.dev/docs/monorepo) is available as an option if you would like to manually walk through the steps outlined by the CLI. 
    {/* Add a note as to why we would recommend the monorepo approach over the CLI */}
</Tab>
</Tabs>
  </Step>

>   <Step title="Pull down the Makeswift Integration branch">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Step title="Fetch the Makeswift integration branch">
```

>     The Makeswift Catalyst integration is simply a branch available in the upstream GitHub repository that can be checked out locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Makeswift Catalyst integration is a branch available in the upstream GitHub repository that can be checked out locally.
```

```
git fetch upstream integrations/makeswift
git checkout -b integrations/makeswift upstream/integrations/makeswift
```

</Step>

>   <Step title="Update Environment Variables">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Step title="Update environment variables">
```

>     You'll need to update your Catalyst application's `.env.local` file with your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Update the root `.env.local` file with your 
```

    `Site API Key` located under your Host settings in Makeswift.
    <Frame caption="In your Makeswift Host settings">
    ![Makeswift Site API key](images/Site-API-key.png)

</Frame>

> Add the key to your `.env.local` file with the follow key name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the key to your `.env.local` file with the following key name:
```

```

> MAKESWIFT_SITE_API_KEY= <YOUR_API_KEY>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MAKESWIFT_SITE_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>
```

```
<Frame caption="In your codebase">
    ![Makeswift API env variable](images/env-local-api-key.png)
</Frame>

> Save your `.env.local` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save your `.env.local` file.
```

  </Step>
<Step title="Run your development server">

> 1. Install dependencies to match the current branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install dependencies to match the current branch
```

> Ensure your local environment has the correct and updated dependencies for the specific branch you're working on by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
pnpm i
```

> This will install and synchronize the necessary dependencies based on the package.json and pnpm-lock.yaml files for the current branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Ensure that your local environment has the correct and updated dependencies required for the specific branch you are working on by installing pnpm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2. Start the development server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the development server
```

> Once the dependencies are installed, you can start the development server to run the project locally. Use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
pnpm dev
```

</Step>

> <Step title="Update Host">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Step title="Update host settings">
```

> Within the Makeswift Site Settings, update your host to whatever port your local development is running on. Typically it should run on `http://localhost:3000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Makeswift Site Settings, update the host to the URL of your locally running project. By default, it should be `http://localhost:3000`.
```

<Frame caption="In your site settings">
    ![Makeswift host URL](images/host-url.gif)
</Frame>
</Step>

> <Step title="Create a New Page">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Step title="Create a new page">
```

Create a new page within Makeswift. We recommend starting with a Blank Page.
<Frame caption="In the builder">
    ![Makeswift host URL](images/create-page.gif)
</Frame>
</Step>
</Steps>

> {/* linkn to product docs quickstart for next steps. Menmtioning building components in Makeswift first before doing custom componenet dev */}

Reviewer: Can we add this link to quickstart for next steps?

Author: realizing my last commit that includes this still hasn't gone through for some reason.
